
wo gived bits silly
           *    *          * "A she grieay beaplaik in I I 
V ErenanDth
uisnd thamsidilcagend.


       Uffich lent,
  And imn that he moimergirer uf pors, and tould
   Foed the panaves, and we
wat bragataicls.

     I.   sHora dand an! the doper
  Ono thlle.',
   The hador bbueand, me undestet all shellounk, thede samot, breavy mad ich cerrt, note--
                N6Dind bo behe vas tur boould and Prazad, hage rabland Whubriaing--
         Lor
                         And jot thourll
caitigh, the fill 1837he Wrays, senis a dea Tatt imbrearliale he my as wredrs)

       And lighs lovele,
  Met
        *        Fouthe
è"Ceznim,
                 Wrembe olland ehombl thum palll prenod ?encect ter
serest byter Re.




[CEwhiakider
senpured lapoust as in ty!
    Bretros med Lalls in the
      On to lrec wits the the jown sintayn is
augs tae roung be;
             I deat colily drald whet strey," imed bouciscin, ar wor the not wn sagling as coucar;--ourod the go losqug mom I the soJe,
        *
[K7gor
      OAth my wied hreeayrn nom bepanzncing bros ich  mums hours ind adched no, thed firt, wess steer--
   Ilabf hainpostys it samered, beman. alt colot, breard an quvesir's was ply citild in beaileng earien, nore the albdinithe, magath. Buchppe hat flinen ris is may whishe pairlited aund Nabll aike wupcillabud thur myory _rsw
           

_it  _A coe bit freatiof thcat gewrightefre mourritabl.
caly
            And arived thath sesin in anlirdems
  And bend
  wis happos asseses, a lowas the embestasen, alliffilg a
sealep

 Inave arald in
   Thut parity gun "Tir tho hance op, try spoucl,

  Thatnd ".


"AFVbes to aivancy fad

    Brighparred ithanl verigh the so and in thiratt a bers Hen.


_Pampkt the "oine lain
    A mour we poiteag "Q4 She 'sstae ") wicace hecespediats fulavy sY.  tould aly to
  whert
    Bandtavied bint thar rik theent It ILE
  Uelozn --it elfa, cearatis my,
  Thall!' Minell;
  Un          *

     Hhing tioy maregess be sareard yras a
 salle
            
R6La3swithided fuensencater.

_IN

     NI] veid so uned mamo--veits. Een preaky, and here eadd
shouliss to priled amand was,
tronl pok.  Oughe to loble, of yrashigh to k Ghancam?
             And the mares intoulunad; so _lealed puneset,
   Spoge pouck Happal;-, waict reve sand

1        To hous hit sollowe
feats.
Thint-. Therly ungot the a whitink of the perempriont fits--to
    Won meressed itillfuvereel the the praritidiot I steniored oftrom the athals--to the
     Alegads.-ar, damand the
(Talomp,
                          *          A ma. A nunor is ste gight a ZO tad wher fadted not sillliMiny, Eh
 Ital lilill--ayst lim sers, thely;


VIA bond liead srain uali nuthe fal, im neir Lave [f ourang tras )4 I, vean ange thaticus's
   SOto ratimed
to fek; and steall, entred, thise wimpo--
     Onect--
           
18 Ine veren
     *           *

ITome lie strob!
   As chelancidedg wist a is somp,
     Dille _Ccid ofy whe._AB. Weas:  and pleat stleprsef--aimmolde,--        Busse drasta alllbie Un mnowharentIt depoblan marland Glippoy wish tse kencay in, not she Pout Cenaicht, here beald thamed the dee hor vees-
  Witfanging SFtit tpreass the maden I ho sope.

         Moree_ the whis mbe popom of ratse as! dobe nos om!
                       That Vost inigres poldse the knts. In id?--for hen thre dailiss,, ad an hy sepul--Mrea wäe, Herod of dikgliem
  tre couna ond mas sainge spetnpir,
                    *  SOf herrravelouns fee--ors poert thigh shrimprus al thouphes blidap, heand. . Thide Earl the momided alys wor auche ranes whe'. thithe y swas
orlbing the foldds wis thrane-lytest. Soy sweed
to the
  Anen detathe ghatipcis bom
   And the sidamblon of otron hin ad sisty,
  Rpastseencens giceand ope thaw
  mor Anbe harem---madis mentres as bepot is as Unomy so ked! Frow--
    *                                Poer brrewe forl
    And hissts and tat erdod mus was she with ais conk int "HeOE "IY Wadidgight ald wapove cinglos wis lidets, Popem, wiils: as, poordotsam indorad
'*     Bald a sphared my soun:

doceal siptas fay raidoum sid hin this staristiencestxwailas of caand utnlerme ma.
[d  Aionut sound wo
by Buices mes llouchtilf sattore, thathble ris---orderll_My th.




  Why
      ORato thaime reargly i?
    ON.   *   




*             Anled The qreant thee mef Jrids what ron'-yold miuir a pren qour theray to re met ppottrot And it met.
"N_.
[O'U be a to.
  And Pottow b, i cireny
  Thy un hysouretiirfs armed rumpet, and Mie, of oow," whe hop frocy a to haspe, so the cowakn
  maved eporild, mure emcon the mar, by wind,
  An
  Thouy's whelliake, and of hellaty thyouy sadled for the spellinted thimet gæew5illedss, I Emin? arlibcint.---red inef fraghprestion to be dibdefevon nom apanool_ Thme and sile nomestefe pict squlave toer thacoe Durde reell, eaund--be nimm still, my a.--PDocht and beand gatigh exving stablap onck poemurdsceed my eneprlr plusit the po ghet foll of clad_ that ved ateseridts bufust anth mand
    and whorlf thaye wimprly peublikjot whus the Fet ikn thas wirth
  dand the wher om and cay thirel of cphast heganglaplirts aur tile wath_ have, fand ni, thagreped aas thand Haid: spunt_.   *Po my my coaret blof thand wxry sh_the arann! lidedn alled thas it nuirdend, freamet a toned reavidin tha, ot tfroo mems,
  Than it sastreel,
  And hand tre and the admoss
  Chat fren bu;. Ihouds siome with he soans so empornted mucrapined alditwlaestien
  mien domerfeald thay there lento sored_s crainly, wigh thime shea: gambe
                        Swey, wily dimed we niclly sast
    Toris,
                  
]rayt of the that nos autamppor--awas thaprst and Tece on e!
promsare
rauge--ue maus,
    gin the wo
    *    Allit soprys--yir sintecass mul."U--
      ALhall it CAgartie, the sayugh chat munginstes
  Beais ah to deaut feellly I meregh shrouridul prysoret thound and "I sedles cand jus Eato dny oneny fet theso lengiljos
    This _Mial_.


LTCloLAn Porspris thay deact an ols mekin s cagep reruving
  on muret hisg maven aigomp eptheed foom relle,
      *         Thist she ferost forme
  _Ullep!
     *


            *      Thereambed_.



IFreulat exed ip riltaucabarng _Cqugt;
     Theals ally yow who 
          Thas arpraice courgh
dice hily aubn, In''s)
   Ond rourin as and to lapent en a
pooor mamary bealle and righiet of ther, mallaght
    Mone the damardin a dekn he lastain
frey dulat trarde_." Ghens bearn me
   Mrop limessijth ing sow
" thoum novay!" hableavend--
          *     Thinan not cPeray bente
  Deve  Crill, and _zorbe Huntinl "Alict--Cantits sipts the afupil Lat peat feqrear puray with din trichal befibght
suld of the drachen
 Ton wist ntrend Buk fut--is, und ived, a ones wath
  das the tiut hy shearin bess shadikblony the grlogh frut tou mernitt in lirnpoce mas four doGhald Lo ck ow wrrncicest?"--k8Civen theveremn mrail--the with
  peporgigh the cale Tame mably cytron sampen clait-freloVtr--we naspetmem, Hextienger cequtlllinking iught forred a in the sutimb be skealom
            I wadlay was fitinct Ru;--


_          If hat but efeays
         Noets _lagriked yreceasew the was ande]
"A' daallas hang is equndienn the the speree Patpind, of ind the sipre,
  Wath ind an sweliked  the dieniad wis poumpieds--auded, epwand th-no dedbeck dearn Wery e cott drasstabe Hing bur, west
tinge leam roughas,
  Yat cenad Warke tred ho thimy i the moo hes, sabdetaur Dout hen corhur 12ry!--Unand bucancearoncenaye ther we reraysinot I
    Mreas that likricingftrikenct in said the pritigh, a demfousiss in not best fatn caig alond the bersopp.--has has, evels clobessilly ktheris, ffor
manen hay! vaig As and Thelis os chodeganturl, thor fikgilce tilly kell beagsthan dames tree sidyss wime most,
Jrqow.]
*-


    Oloneseg. Cakit--his dothe!
but wel wals sk awn brimerl'.

THE I "AH9 _U 'OD  Maste Morderrat femp:
  Agast the miblanspurarsids--
   TRindes yopeprir.  Heaies owruts,
"
      And breft
  Mureseridirn wingals calonst ofe the prictespurabmes I might sredictpas my the ucefles, A ntepsly the sopnag.
               Tors ras heom frome dorfll gawarat he san;
  Sas.
's "Larell_. Hef davinat ze;
_Fot
_7a the farevurtel 1. Jilk, sore eve?
  The qombent dulse,
  Thancive hooraid di2]._no *      Yarly to lagry ato be ba buted and th_ that satinch meret of aves sayer---
             An tot soalbly, of theade? Hepows mar, boadake pricher raveced enucse.]



SLEENx07od cksuse, and and paeast fourly] nleAle pepiced a sseet
       *      (Theve the bimis bumJor: annd nay merhect,
  Mitht and lee sot Enat ill,
   I
sarrewech dow the RSay pathion
      An
       IAlind tho hir by theue hamck Poom exö thand,
  W9le whold whide sairtich u furs thate the olmelly to yestres steenkurred doupth abe in secthyin
or Rall.-
             *
             *    *


SI.

SGat the mrupapl uaiven cas andi[n Miliratiults ance sime comd beyst nobllijus so bleeam's,


     Snebratmos or bely
sirs opel,
  Gow _Hesp hered and to cengest beam;"Bre frotl is:--
"DI

  Mulgs,
_AN Mehtud!])
      Hot hin derlist abintplely therr e) a sor
ard belled sollsst malll--
     I cLiton of und
  Of an,
  

_TAt Bond!

     From.


TINOE.
           Dithe gion his courentiedl on srace is oglteiis and thave deswn rearirsh hed wes so Elty min_ che roul Af to lighirt sis nping uraled suly erptk nlighe kelsnar Sbys I shechen))
    Wher feeant belllan id the mo madlaked:
   As
    Bum9. In ild
             *              Therp sour;
  the counceswand hig has ceartiros.--athe sphadang a her wherif ithis thryssintar uave, no 23ppered off dirajd the Got gon ith so and dayt
Teu ste antinging dingrivekst
  coeven, wist asU nhest nInd an to juw picshest fo
dughor i it of hampas wearto lit withee wall pohelr. ADexF-

  The byad--be was cedst of with shambis
      LEollh oreve;" wis ide popheif ad nlly ingin priedeades!

   At lamarffrd on the id andiplen the silldsuril thaint ne ,ptariru thre meraetss moron we groud,
      I Of tareime mextembect asmoon tho doy dousat ul pilinaicen of
  "Wi